README.md, before:

[![](https://badge.imagelayers.io/devth/docker-zookeeper:latest.svg)](https://imagelayers.io/?images=devth/docker-zookeeper:latest 'devth/docker-zookeeper:latest')

ZooKeeper image based on eliaslevy/docker-zookeeper which is based on the
mesoscloud/zookeeper image.

eliaslevy/docker-zookeeper modification:

- turn on quorumListenOnAllIP on the config file. This allows a ZooKeeper
  ensemble to operate within Kubernetes using Service IP addresses.

devth/docker-zookeeper modification:

- upgrade to ZooKeeper 3.5.2-alpha for SSL support
- support configuring all ssl properties via ENV vars
- support any additional config in a `ZOO_CFG` var
- expose secure client port 2281 in the docker image

## Usage

The following Kubernetes config will create a reliable three node ZK ensemble.
The ZK containers will be restarted if they terminate within their node, and
they will be started in a new node if their current node dies.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-1
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
    - name: followers
      port: 2888
    - name: election
      port: 3888
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
    server-id: "1"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-2
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
    - name: followers
      port: 2888
    - name: election
      port: 3888
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
    server-id: "2"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-3
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
    - name: followers
      port: 2888
    - name: election
      port: 3888
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
    server-id: "3"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-1
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: zookeeper
        server-id: "1"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: data
          emptyDir: {}
        - name: wal
          emptyDir:
            medium: Memory
      containers:
        - name: server
          image: devth/docker-zookeeper:latest
          env:
            - name: MYID
              value: "1"
            - name: SERVERS
              value: "zookeeper-1,zookeeper-2,zookeeper-3"
            - name: JVMFLAGS
              value: "-Xmx2G"
          ports:
            - containerPort: 2181
            - containerPort: 2888
            - containerPort: 3888
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/data
              name: data
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/wal
              name: wal
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-2
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: zookeeper
        server-id: "2"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: data
          emptyDir: {}
        - name: wal
          emptyDir:
            medium: Memory
      containers:
        - name: server
          image: devth/docker-zookeeper:latest
          env:
            - name: MYID
              value: "2"
            - name: SERVERS
              value: "zookeeper-1,zookeeper-2,zookeeper-3"
            - name: JVMFLAGS
              value: "-Xmx2G"
          ports:
            - containerPort: 2181
            - containerPort: 2888
            - containerPort: 3888
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/data
              name: data
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/wal
              name: wal
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-3
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: zookeeper
        server-id: "3"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: data
          emptyDir: {}
        - name: wal
          emptyDir:
            medium: Memory
      containers:
        - name: server
          image: devth/docker-zookeeper:latest
          env:
            - name: MYID
              value: "3"
            - name: SERVERS
              value: "zookeeper-1,zookeeper-2,zookeeper-3"
            - name: JVMFLAGS
              value: "-Xmx2G"
          ports:
            - containerPort: 2181
            - containerPort: 2888
            - containerPort: 3888
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/data
              name: data
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/wal
              name: wal
```

Commit message:

Allow parsing myid out of the ordinal

README.md, after:

# docker-zookeeper

ZooKeeper image based on eliaslevy/docker-zookeeper which is based on the
mesoscloud/zookeeper image.

eliaslevy/docker-zookeeper modification:

- turn on quorumListenOnAllIP on the config file. This allows a ZooKeeper
  ensemble to operate within Kubernetes using Service IP addresses.

devth/docker-zookeeper modification:

- upgrade to ZooKeeper 3.5.2-alpha for SSL support
- support configuring all ssl properties via ENV vars
- support any additional config in a `ZOO_CFG` var
- expose secure client port 2281 in the docker image
- allow parsing a 0-based ordinal out of `MYID_PARSE` (for StatefulSets)

## Usage

The following Kubernetes config will create a reliable three node ZK ensemble.
The ZK containers will be restarted if they terminate within their node, and
they will be started in a new node if their current node dies.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-1
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
    - name: followers
      port: 2888
    - name: election
      port: 3888
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
    server-id: "1"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-2
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
    - name: followers
      port: 2888
    - name: election
      port: 3888
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
    server-id: "2"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-3
spec:
  ports:
    - name: client
      port: 2181
    - name: followers
      port: 2888
    - name: election
      port: 3888
  selector:
    app: zookeeper
    server-id: "3"
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-1
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: zookeeper
        server-id: "1"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: data
          emptyDir: {}
        - name: wal
          emptyDir:
            medium: Memory
      containers:
        - name: server
          image: devth/docker-zookeeper:latest
          env:
            - name: MYID
              value: "1"
            - name: SERVERS
              value: "zookeeper-1,zookeeper-2,zookeeper-3"
            - name: JVMFLAGS
              value: "-Xmx2G"
          ports:
            - containerPort: 2181
            - containerPort: 2888
            - containerPort: 3888
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/data
              name: data
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/wal
              name: wal
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-2
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: zookeeper
        server-id: "2"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: data
          emptyDir: {}
        - name: wal
          emptyDir:
            medium: Memory
      containers:
        - name: server
          image: devth/docker-zookeeper:latest
          env:
            - name: MYID
              value: "2"
            - name: SERVERS
              value: "zookeeper-1,zookeeper-2,zookeeper-3"
            - name: JVMFLAGS
              value: "-Xmx2G"
          ports:
            - containerPort: 2181
            - containerPort: 2888
            - containerPort: 3888
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/data
              name: data
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/wal
              name: wal
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: ReplicationController
metadata:
  name: zookeeper-3
spec:
  replicas: 1
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        app: zookeeper
        server-id: "3"
    spec:
      volumes:
        - name: data
          emptyDir: {}
        - name: wal
          emptyDir:
            medium: Memory
      containers:
        - name: server
          image: devth/docker-zookeeper:latest
          env:
            - name: MYID
              value: "3"
            - name: SERVERS
              value: "zookeeper-1,zookeeper-2,zookeeper-3"
            - name: JVMFLAGS
              value: "-Xmx2G"
          ports:
            - containerPort: 2181
            - containerPort: 2888
            - containerPort: 3888
          volumeMounts:
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/data
              name: data
            - mountPath: /zookeeper/wal
              name: wal
```
